Add installation instructions for pip (#146)
jswhit/pyproj: README.md

* Windows - `C:\...> set PROJ_DIR=C:\OSGeo4W\`
* Linux/OS X on most shells- `$ export PROJ_DIR=/lib/`

An alternative way to install is with `pip`:

```
pip install cython
pip install git+https://github.com/jswhit/pyproj.git
```

> You migh want to run pip with administrative privilegies (e.g. `sudo pip`) or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might want to run pip with administrative privileges (e.g. `sudo pip`) or
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need to run pip with administrative privilegies (e.g. `sudo pip`) or
```

Author: Fixed!

> perform an user only installation (e.g. `pip install --user`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
perform a user only installation (e.g. `pip install --user`).
```
I know, I know, [dumb exceptions](https://english.stackexchange.com/a/105117) in human language 😜

Author: OMG, didn't know about this. Thanks!
